Welcome back.
Let's do another exercise now.
We learned all about prototype ball inheritance here.
So based on what you know plus all the things that we've learned in the past like the this keyword using
all that knowledge I have two questions here that I'm going to warn you are a little bit difficult.
You might not get them.
You might have to google around and search around and remember there's no such thing as a perfect programmer.
We can know everything.
So use Google if you need to and especially the last one is pretty tough.
So you can always come back to it but give it a go.
And in the next video I'll show you how we solve these problems.
The first question is I want you to create using the Date object that we have in JavaScript right here.
That simply gives us a date.
I want you to add a new method onto this constructor.
This date constructor that is called Last year javascript doesn't have this.
If I run this code I get last year is not a function because well that's not a thing if I do get a year
or get full year.
We see the types of methods that we have with a date object.
But unfortunately last year well we don't have that.
We're going to want to create it ourself.
So how would you go about doing that.
If I give it let's say a string like this date suggests nineteen hundred.
If I do last year it'll give me the year before in the year a year year year format.
So the answer to this will be 18 19.
If this was let's say just new date with nothing in here which will give us the current date this should
give us well last year so how do you do that.
And then the second part and this is the bonus one.
How can we modify the map method that we have on a race to print a actual map emoji at the end of each
item.
Middle of a spelling error there.
So that if I do let's say console log and I give it an array.
One two three.
And then I do dot map and not give it anything I will actually print out one two three.
But with the maps next to it how could we do that.
Can we modify what these built in methods by javascript do.
Give it a go.
And in the next video I'll give you the answers.
Good luck.